# Fitness-app
The aim of this project framework is to make an web app for the players that could be used as a basis for their valuation and for any players that wants to improve their physical performances and their health and this web app could help them achieve their goals and if the players follow through the programs that they set up to do at the end they will get good results. there are a lot of programs for difference types of players that are interested in specific sports. and in this web app provides difference type of training such as drills and running and health. The first thing any players needs to do is sign in or sign up and they can choice what kind of sport that they are interested in then they can find out more information about it. we design two selections training and health, so that the players have two choices when they select their training. He or she can pick the type of training they want, there are list of training we added, any player can plan their training as there are set of plans/timetable within the program. The players can check their health by selecting calorie counter to see how much weight they intake and how much weight they lost and they can use BMI calculate to discover their body mass and they can select their height and weight , even waist and their gender male or female. we even included a timer for players that wants to do difference type of exercise or training such as running and plank workout and push up and all, even when they are at home they can still workout and we providing best web app that any players can use for their training and workouts. in the introduction chapter we present or talk about the background how business is involved in sports
